CONGRATULATIONS!

  

Australia’s favourite game show is back for season 2, and we want you to be a part of it!  

 

We enjoyed meeting you at our auditions and would love to invite you along to a recording of DEAL or NO DEAL. 

  

This invitation does not guarantee a place on the podium, but we wish you the very best of luck and sincerely hope you win some big money! 

  

We look forward to seeing you on: 

  

DATE: WEDNESDAY 30TH OCTOBER 2024

ARRIVAL TIME: 7:30AM

Location: Docklands Studios Melbourne, 476 Docklands Drive, Docklands, VIC, 3008. 

 

We will be recording multiple episodes on the day. The recording of these shows will take approximately 10 hours. Please be prepared to make yourself available for the full length of time. 

   

Please find attached important information relating to your attendance at the Deal or No Deal recording. Please read this attachment thoroughly and get in touch ASAP should there be any issues. 

  

You will receive another email closer to your record date with additional paperwork.  

  

 

Can you attend? Please respond YES or NO and confirm the members of your group who will be attending by Sunday 20th October.

 

If you will be attending, the below information is required: 

Do you have any medical conditions?  

Do you have any mobility requirements? (i.e. issues climbing stairs or standing for a considerable amount of time.)  

Please provide your emergency contact name/phone number:  

  

We look forward to seeing you on the day! 

  

Kind regards,  

Deal or No Deal Casting Team  

 

Peter Adamidis

Casting Producer – Deal or No Deal

M: 0435 421 272

Palmerston Cres

South Melbourne, VIC, 3205

www.endemolshine.com.au

 

Text

Description automatically generated

This electronic mail, including any attachments, is intended for the addressee only and may contain information that is either confidential or subject to legal professional privilege. Unauthorised reproduction, use or disclosure of the contents of this mail is prohibited. If you have received this mail in error, please delete it from your system immediately and notify Endemol Shine Australia by contacting us at www.endemolshine.com.au.